Week 1

Group formed. I created the Jira & Github accounts, together with all the other teammates,
I have drawn up the draft of the user story of the proposal. I have also discussed with my team about the libraries and APIs that can be useful for the project.
I have set up the github classroom repo, now the virtual environment and auto Python style checking tools are in-place.
We have planned to finish off the ER diagram and class diagram by next week.

Week 2

I finished up the Class Diagram with The Tran and the Use Case Diagram with Luna.
I completed the ER diagram after gathering advices from all the teammates. Our team also improved the USs further,
by spliting up large USs into smaller USs and changed a few acceptance criteria of certain USs.
The progress of the project goes well, we will be wrapping up all the things required in the proposal next week.

Week 3

Our team and I have rechecked all the contents in the proposal, the major obstacle is we need to synchronize all our works,
e.g. make sure the User Stories are in accordance with all of our graphs. All of the members have put a lot of time on that.
We will start our first sprint next week. I wrotee some code to construct our project skeleton, so that other team members can work more smoothly later on.

Week 4
I have setup the the landing page, the overall file structure and the database of the project, teammates can now easily start their work based on these.
The main obstacle was fetching current stock price from online websites, the reason we need to do so is there's no free api providing New Zealand current stock price.
I have spent some times on trying IP rotation and Agent rotation, however, since those IP I used are from public free proxies, they get blocked easily.
To get around this, I realise yahoo finance's robots.txt mentioned that scrapers are allowed to scrap their information, therefore now I use my own IP address to scrape data from yahoo finance.
I have also completed the autocompletion of stock search, user can now type stock names/codes in the search bar and the system will provide recommendations to the user.

Week 5
I have helped The Trans with the buy/sell stock functionalities, the US is basically completed.
I have a meeting before the progessive demo with Jeffrey and Luna, we realise 3-4 acceptance citeria are not completed, therefore, we assign each of us  some acceptance citeria and finished them in a few hours.
Finally, I have done a final check on the completed work to make sure all the acceptance citeria are completed, then I push the work on master to a new branch called release. This branch will be used to present our work.

Week 6
We had a meeting on Monday, assigned User stories for this iteration.
I have completed the Chatbot for the app, although it looks great on other groupmates browser, it is a bit troublesome to handle the environment setup on vlab.
We had a further meeting on Wednesday, decided that each of us will do more user stories on week 7.

Week 7
The chatbot implemented using Keras's Neural Network has been done.
All the reminder functionalties have been implemented, the main challenge I faced is the child threads cannot access the original app instance easily, I tried to pass the database items directly to the child thread but it becomes null once leave the main thread. So instead, I create a new app instance in child thread which has the access to all data in the original app instance.

Week 8
We have a meeting on Tuesday, tested the app together, 2-3 acceptance criteria were founded not implemented correctly. Each of us agreed on finishing their part on Wednesday.
On Wednesday, I rechecked all the acceptance criteria in the 2nd sprint, and then push them into the release branch.

Week 9
I have completed the transaction history, I have also add a side navbar on the tutorial and usage guide page so that users can easily navigate with these two pages.
I have improved the UI of the whole app, making it more dynamic and look prettier.
I have written a script to build and run the app on vlab, previously, not all of our functionalities can be demonstrated on vlab because of the virtual environment issue but now I've managed to fix it.